v0.7.1: Improve upgrade process and ingress configuration (#228)
developmentseed/eoapi-k8s: docs/unified-ingress.md

## Overview

> As of version 0.7.0, eoAPI uses an even more streamlined ingress configuration with smart defaults for different controllers. This approach:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
eoAPI provides a streamlined ingress configuration with smart defaults for different controllers. This approach:
```
